feat: make building of tracccc::io optional (but on by default) (#651)
acts-project/traccc: CMakeLists.txt

if( TRACCC_BUILD_ALPAKA )
   add_subdirectory( device/alpaka )
endif()
if ( TRACCC_BUILD_IO )
   add_subdirectory( io )
   add_subdirectory( performance )
   add_subdirectory( simulation )
else()
   message(STATUS "traccc::io not built, traccc::performance and traccc::simulation are forcefully switched off.")
endif()

add_subdirectory( plugins )

if ( TRACCC_BUILD_EXAMPLES )
   # Find Boost.
   find_package( Boost REQUIRED COMPONENTS program_options filesystem)

>    if ( TRACCC_BUILD_IO )
>       add_subdirectory( examples )
>    else()
>       message(STATUS "traccc::io not built, traccc::examples are forcefully switched off.")
>    endif()

Reviewer: I'd prefer if this was a bit more vocal and explicit, i.e. I don't think it's a good idea for there to be any possibility for the user to specify `TRACCC_BUILD_EXAMPLES` and then for the build system to decide not to do it. I would suggest the following:

```suggestion
   if ( NOT TRACCC_BUILD_IO )
      message(FATAL_ERROR "traccc::io is disabled, but it is required to build the examples.")
   endif()
   add_subdirectory( examples )
```

Author: You have a good point here!

endif()

# Set up the test(s).
if( BUILD_TESTING AND TRACCC_BUILD_TESTING )

>    if ( TRACCC_BUILD_IO )
>       add_subdirectory( tests )
>    else()
>       message(STATUS "traccc::io not built, traccc::tests are forcefully switched off.")
>    endif()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   if ( NOT TRACCC_BUILD_IO )
      message(FATAL_ERROR "traccc::io is disabled, but it is required to build the tests.")
   endif()
   add_subdirectory( tests )
```
